Or on START callback is all done.
Let's do the same for on tick and on complete the inside of.
On tick.
I'm gonna put in a quick console log and say timer just ticked down and then inside of incomplete I'll
do a console log and say timer is completed.
Now we need to receive these inside of our constructor as well.
We're going to assign them to an instance variable and eventually invoke them during some very specific
point time of our timers life cycle.
Well first go back up to the constructor.
Once again inside of this callbacks check we'll do this dot on tick.
We'll be callbacks dot on tick we'll also do this dot on complete and store a reference to callbacks
dot on complete as well.
Okay.
So we've now stored a reference to both of those callbacks.
So now we need to make sure that we called both them at some very specific points in time so we would
need to take a look at our code and figure out where the most appropriate time is to invoke those callbacks.
I think that in the case of on tick where we want to call this thing every time we tick down our timer
jets are the most appropriate time for that would be like right here inside the LS case of our take
function so inside the LS case that means that we are going to like tick down the timer.
So for that right after subtracting I'll say if this dot on tick so if we were given that callback let's
go ahead and call it
now we can repeat the same process for on complete as well where would be the most appropriate time
to call this.
We want to call that function any anytime that the timer is done.
So in other words when it has reached zero.
So for that we might go down to tick once again and right after calling this dot pause.
We could do a quick check see if this dot on complete was provided and if it was once again we will
call it
okay.
So this is looking pretty good.
So let's now save this.
We're going to do another quick test inside the browser and we're going to take a look at our console
and make sure that these console logs show up at all the appropriate times.
So we should see a console log occur when our timer starts we should see some tick messages as the timer
counts down.
And we should see one on complete when the timer is all done yes I'll go back over or refresh I'm gonna
change us down to just three seconds again I'll hit starts and I see timer started tick down tick down
completed Excellent.
That is exactly what we want.
So once again these little console logs right here these are proof that we can essentially tell the
outside world all the code outside of our class.
That's something important just occurred.
And so again we're going to eventually take a look at those callbacks and we're going to add in some
code to draw the border to update the border and eventually reset it as well.
That's pretty much it for our timer implementation for right now.
We are going to have to come back to this once again in just a little bit and add in one little more
piece of code but we'll get to that in just a little bit.
So let's take a quick pause right here.
We're going to start working on all this animated order stuff in the next video.